README.md, before:

# Plane-icon-theme

A simple iconset, preferably used in dark versions of Gnome.  Love/Arch/Inkscape/Gnome


- Source icons in = ./src/plane ./src/plane-dark

- Render icons in = ./plane ./plane-dark


## Installation

1. Downlad the lasted version in [releases](https://github.com/wfpaisa/plane-icon-theme/releases)
2. Unzip
3. White
	- Copy in `./plane` to `/usr/share/icons/plane/`
4. Dark
	- Copy in `./plane-dark` to `/usr/share/icons/plane-dark`
5. Change icon set with Gnome Tweak Tool


## Build

- Is necesary nodejs 7.0 +
- `$ npm install`
- `$ npm install --global gulp-cli`
- `$ gulp`
- `sudo gulp copy`

## Developer

Allows hot editing, gulp watch auto will generate the icon and if you pass the parameter will update the icon set.

```bash 

# Symbolic link /usr/share/icons/ -> ./plane && ./plane-dark
$ sudo gulp link


# Auto update
$ gulp watch 

# Or auto update with refresh icon cache Light (plane) version
$ gulp watch -P 

# Or auto update with refresh icon cache Dark (plane-dark) version
$ gulp watch -D 
```
Generate png files `renamegulpfile-to-png.js` to `gulpfile.js`.

![Screen](./screenshot.png)



## TODO



License: GPLv3

Commit message:

Update icon theme and Readme

README.md, after:

# Plane-icon-theme

A simple iconset, preferably used in dark versions of Gnome.  Love/Arch/Inkscape/Gnome


- Source icons in = ./src/plane ./src/plane-dark

- Render icons in = ./plane ./plane-dark


## Installation

1. Downlad the lasted version in [releases](https://github.com/wfpaisa/plane-icon-theme/releases)
2. Unzip
3. White
	- Copy in `./plane` to `/usr/share/icons/plane/`
4. Dark
	- Copy in `./plane-dark` to `/usr/share/icons/plane-dark`
5. Change icon set with Gnome Tweak Tool


## Build

- Is necesary nodejs 7.0 +
- `$ npm install`
- `$ npm install --global gulp-cli`
- `$ gulp`
- `sudo gulp copy`

## Developer

Allows hot editing, gulp watch auto will generate the icon and if you pass the parameter will update the icon set.

```bash 

# Symbolic link /usr/share/icons/ -> ./plane && ./plane-dark
$ sudo gulp link


# Auto update
$ gulp watch 

# Or auto update with refresh icon cache Light (plane) version
$ gulp watch -P 

# Or auto update with refresh icon cache Dark (plane-dark) version
$ gulp watch -D 
```
Generate png files `renamegulpfile-to-png.js` to `gulpfile.js`.

![Screen](./screenshot.png)



## Thanks to

- (Breeze)[https://github.com/KDE/breeze-icons]
- (Arc Icon Theme)[https://github.com/fc8855/arc-icons]
- (Paper Icon Theme)[https://github.com/snwh/paper-icon-theme]

And all those designs that served as inspiration



License: GPLv3
